<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [概述](#%E6%A6%82%E8%BF%B0)
- [资料](#%E8%B5%84%E6%96%99)
- [目录](#%E7%9B%AE%E5%BD%95)
- [正文](#%E6%AD%A3%E6%96%87)
  - [Welcome to Developing Your Musicianship](#welcome-to-developing-your-musicianship)
    - [Suggested Reading](#suggested-reading)
    - [Course Resources](#course-resources)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

/**
 * Created by thejojo on 2017/7/22.
 */
 
[TOC]

[概述](#概述)

[目录](#目录)

[正文](#正文)

   - [Welcome to Developing Your Musicianship](#welcome-to-developing-your-musicianship)
       

---

# 概述

这大概由4个部分组成，第三个和第四个才是知识点。
我只记录有必要记录的吧。
感觉太多杂七杂八没必要。


# 资料

https://www.coursera.org/learn/develop-your-musicianship/home/week/1

# 目录

- Welcome to Developing Your Musicianship

1. Welcome to the Course4 min
2. A Note From Your Teaching Assistant10 min
3. Connect on Facebook and Twitter10 min
4. 练习测验:What Are Your Goals?4 个试题
5. Getting To Know You10 min
6. Suggested Reading10 min
7. Course Resources10 min

- How This Course Works

Learner Support10 min
Course Certificates10 min
How to Record Yourself for Your Assignments10 min
The Major Scale

George W. Russell, Jr.

This week, you'll learn about harmony and ear training and why they are important. You'll learn how to construct a major scale, how to identify and sing Major 2nd and Major 3rd intervals, and how to find the tonal center of a song.
学习目标

    Define harmony, ear training, and interval and explain why they are important in music.
    Identify scale degrees, note names, and solfege.
    Construct a major scale.
    Use sharps and flats to raise and lower the pitches of notes.
    Aurally identify major 2nd and major 3rd intervals.
    Listen to a song and identify its tonal center or key.

The Major Scale
Berklee Faculty/Student Spotlight: Why Are Harmony and Ear Training Important?4 min
Important Definitions4 min
Structure of the Major Scale4 min
Sharps and Flats1 min
Major 2nd and 3rd Intervals4 min
Major 2nd and Major 3rd Interval Practice1 min
Tonal Center7 min
Berklee Student Performance: Boston Marathon, "I Don't Have a Song for That"5 min
购买课程以解锁此项目。
测验:
The Major Scale13 个试题
C Major
Lesson Review and Assignment Overview2 min
Write the C Major Scale10 min
购买课程以解锁此项目。
测验:
SELF ASSESSMENT: Write The C Major Scale5 个试题
讨论提示:
Find and Share a Song in C Major5 min
购买课程以解锁此项目。
测验:
PARTICIPATION: Find and Share a Song in C Major1 个试题

计划开课班次：
七月 24 - 九月 10

注册截止时间 七月 29

# 正文

## Welcome to Developing Your Musicianship

第四个是4个问题，问你的目标是什么？

### Suggested Reading

While there is no required textbook for this course, there are a number of books that provide great information related to music theory, harmony, ear training, and playing the keyboard. Here are just a few:

    Berklee Music Theory: Book 1 by Paul Schmeling
    Berklee Music Theory: Book 2 by Paul Schmeling
    Sing Your Way through Theory: A Music Theory Workbook for the Contemporary Singer by Kris Adams
    The Real Easy Ear Training Book by Roberta Radley
    Berklee Instant Keyboard by Paul Schmeling and Dave Limina
    Berklee Practice Method: Keyboard by Russell Hoffmann and Paul Schmeling
    The Berklee Book of Jazz Harmony by Joe Mulholland and Tom Hojnacki

### Course Resources

Music Theory Resources

    www.musictheory.net/ 

Virtual Keyboards

It's always best to use a real piano or keyboard if you have one available, but if not, here are some virtual keyboards you can use to help you throughout this course.

    http://www.html5piano.ilinov.eu/
    http://www.musictheory.net/piano (This keyboard is mobile friendly, but only has 4 octaves.) 
    
    

